https://codepen.io/MrScribbles/pen/xxrMKrL?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTMl makes a tag's meaning clear to the browser and dev. p is a semantic tag because it has a clear purpose. Div is not because it doesn't do something specific.
 2. What is HTML used for? 
Giving a website structure. it's the basic building block of a website, where CSS is to make it stylized and look pretty.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An element attribute modifies the element. We put it in the start tag of an element, like <p class="section1">
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
-To mark, for instnace, the title of a page. Use it only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata. Goes between the <html> tag and the <body> tag.
    7. What is an id? 
an attribute unique to an element in the whole document.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
Once
    10. What is a class? 
An attribute we assign to one or more class names for an HTML element. Helps keep our code dry by referring to potentially multiple different elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Unlimited.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
set the target attribute to "_blank". Like <a href="lichess.org" target=_"blank">lichess!</a>.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
Alternate text to describe the image for folks who can't see or when the image doesn't load.
    15. How do I reference an id?
id = "my id"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section groups certain content with the same theme or idea. It's a semantic element. Div doesn't have a clear and specific purpose, it's for ease of reading.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Stylizing your HTML.
    ++++18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
in css we do h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class is an atribute which can be assigned in one or more elements in HTML/CSS to call them, makes for dryer code. An ID is a unique identifier to ID the element when using CSS.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.classname{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human
    +++22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
 It's used to select elements with a specific parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div a.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Identifies a special state of an element. For instance div:hover will only activate when the user hovers over the div with their mouse.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing property. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
the * selector. This can also select all elements inside another element.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
put your text inside /**/. or highlight and ctrl + /.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
   ls
 33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm filename.  You have to be careful because it can mess your system up, and doesn't ask for any confirmation before deleting permanently.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
It saves version history and lets you easily comment on what changes you've made.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
At least every couple of days.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
-Fork the repository
-Clone it: git clone url in gitbash
-cd to your new repository and branch it with git checkout -b adam-hinton
-Open in vs code with . code
-Work on the project
-When done, do git add . to save changes to staging area
-Do git commit -m "change message" to commit changes.
Do git push -u origin adam-hinton to push to github
-Create pull request
-Submit the url for pull request in canvas

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Inline elements take up the whole line and push everything out of the way. Block elements are only the size of their content.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
display block: header section 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
